feat(k8s): add troubleshooting index (#4579)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/troubleshooting/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Kubernetes - Troubleshooting
  description: Find troubleshooting resources for resolving issues with Kubernetes.
content:
  paragraph: Find troubleshooting resources for resolving issues with Kubernetes.
dates:
  posted: 2025-03-10
categories:
  - serverless
---

<ProductHeader
  productName="Kubernetes troubleshooting"
  productLogo="k8sKapsule"

>   description="Discover troubleshooting guidelines for Scaleway's Managed Kubernetes Kapsule and Kosmos products."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Discover how to solve the most common issues for Scaleway's Kubernetes Kapsule and Kosmos."
```

/>

## Featured Pages

<Grid>
    <DefaultCard
      title="Kubernetes FAQ"

>       description="General info on Kubernetes products"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="General info on Kubernetes products."
```

      url="/faq/kubernetes/"
      label="See more"
    />
    <DefaultCard
      title="Kubernetes Cheatsheet"
      description="A handy cheatshet with the most common kubectl commands"
      url="/kubernetes/reference-content/kubernetes-cheatsheet/"
      label="See more"
    />
    <DefaultCard
      title="Managed Kubernetes service definition"

>       description="Scaleway Kapsule and Kosmos are managed Kubernetes services. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="Detailed information on Kubernetes definitions, functioning, and responsibilities."
```

      url="/kubernetes/reference-content/managed-kubernetes-service-definition/"
      label="See more"
    />
</Grid>
<Grid>
    <DefaultCard
      title="Kubernetes version support policy"

>       description="Learn about Scaleway's Kubernetes version support policy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="Learn about Scaleway's Kubernetes version support policy."
```

      url="/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/"
      label="See more"
    />
    <DefaultCard

>       title="Scaleway Kubernetes Kapsule autoheal feature"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title="Scaleway Kubernetes Kapsule autoheal"
```

>       description="The Scaleway Kubernetes Kapsule autoheal feature is designed to automatically detect and recover from failures within a Kubernetes cluster."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description="A feature designed to automatically detect and recover from failures within a Kubernetes cluster."
```
